Fix/oxedions/documentation update (#339)
bluebanquise/bluebanquise: resources/documentation/deploy_bluebanquise.rst

  ifup enp0s3

Or on RHEL/CentOS 8:

.. code-block:: bash

  nmcli con up enp0s3

Once interface is up (check using *ip a* command), setup the BlueBanquise
controller:

.. code-block:: bash

  ansible-playbook /etc/bluebanquise/playbooks/managements.yml --limit management1 --tags bluebanquise

> This will install the needed few rpms (python filters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will install the requirements to run BlueBanquise (mostly python filters
for Ansible).
```

Not sure the detail about python filters is of interest?

In order to log into the remote nodes without giving the password, check that
the ssh public key defined in authentication.yml in your inventory match your

> management1 public key. If not, update it. Remember to run again the pxe_stack

Reviewer: Do you mean one need to run the pxe_stack role twice after updating the configuration?

Author: Updated, should be ok now.
